server.txt
The server name or path to your install. Examples : "myserver.com" or "myserver.com/path/to/install"
sitename.txt
Your site name. Example "The really cool radio"
title.txt
A short title for your radio. Example "The really cool radio - some cool music since 2010"
description.txt
A description of about 120/140 characters used by link sharer, search engines, yellowpages services... To sumarize your site's content. Example : "The Raw Sound for the banks of the Titicaca Lake."
homepagecontent.txt
Some content (html is permitted) to be put on your site's homepage
mainmenu.txt
The main menu of your radio to be displayed on the homepage. It works two lines by two lines. The first line is the caption of your menu item (ex: "Listen to the radio"). The next line is the target of the link (ex: "./radio"). The next line is the next menu button's caption (ex: "Replay"). Its is a good idea to have at least three menu items: "home" targeting "./" ; "Listen to the live radio" targeting "./radio" ; and "Replay" targeting "./replay". You can add more links if you wish to, like other pages you added to your website server or web links to other places you can be found on (Facebook, twitter, etc).
covers.txt
This file is used to indicate which image file should be display as cover art for a particular show. First line must be a show title ('album' tags in ID3 metadatas of the audio file), next line the filename of an image file in the ./covers/ subdirectory. Example : Line 1 "The Name Of The Great Show" line 2 "greatalbum.jpg" line 3 "And Another Show" line 4 "another.jpg" and so on
footerhtmlcode.txt
A free form html code or plain text that will be displayed at the bottom of each page, like for credits, copyright, legal, etc. 
isforkable.txt
Can be 0 or 1. If set to 1, listeners will be able to interrupt a show playing on the radio and to skip it. 
clewnapiurl.txt
the http url of a the media server tier's clewn-compatible API used to provide replay "free download" of shows, such an api can be found in ./api in the Mylicora software package. If you run everything on the same server, just upload ./api at the root of your install ; don't forget to download and install php-getID3 at your install root too. Then later you can put your "replay-only" content in ./api/audio/. If this tier is local to your install the value to be entered there will be http://yourserver.tld/api/api.php . 
clewnaudiourl.txt
the basepath of the directory containing audio files on the free replay, free download media server tier. Like http://yourserver/api/audio/ if you run your own. 
activatestats.txt
Should we enable realtime audience statistics ?  Can be 0 or 1 (disable is 0, 1 is for enable)
hasRadio.txt
Can be 0 or 1. If 1 the site will feature a webradio. radioMediaTiers to be filled in order for your radio to work.
radioName.txt
A name for your radio, eg "The Really Cool radio"
radioDescription.txt
A short description for your radio, used for its webplayer page and for (if enabled) yellowpage listing
radioHasYp.txt
can be 0 or 1. If set to 1, the radio stream will be listed in the public dir.xyph.org webradio directory
labelGenres.txt
Currently used only for radio directory listing. Tag-style (space separated) list of genres for your label, on a single line
RadioMediaTiers.txt
First line, a human readable name for the tier. Second line, the url of the clewn/crero compatible api for the tier, like the one that can be found in ./api/api.php (clewn style) or ./api.php (crero style). Third line, can be 1 or 0, to specify if the tier is Clewn API style (1), allowing free download, or CreRo API style (0), don't allowing free download. Fourth line: a numerical value that will represent the weight (think probability) of this tier to be selected each time some new material has to be played on the radio, relative to the weight of the other listed tiers. Fifth line, can be 1 or 0, to indicate if the tier need declared whitelisted artists (if 1, see the option WhiteListArtists.txt) or if any track available on this tier should be played (if 0). Sixth line, the http url of the directory where the audio is actually stored. Next line, start again, define a second tier as you just did before, line after line)
MediaTiersWhitelist.txt
First line is the url of a particular media tier that requires "artist" whitelisting. Second line indicate the number of whitelisted artists that will follow. Next lines are for whitelisted artists up to the number indicated previously. Next line then is for another API url of whitelistable artists... And so on. 
MediaTiersAlbumBlacklist.txt
First line is the url of a particular media tier that requires "album" blacklisting. Second line indicate the number of blacklisted albums that will follow. Next lines are for blacklisted albums up to the number indicated previously. Next line then is for another API url of blacklistable albums... And so on. 
../style.css
The CSS file that you can edit to change colors for your install site
allowDonations.txt
if set to 1, will allow site visitor to donate to your project through paypal. Will display only in the "replay" section for now. 
donationPaypal.txt
Mandatory if allowDonation is set. The business adress associated with the paypal account where donation money will be routed. 
social_media_icons.txt
Social media links : each social media you want to display an icon for is defined over a four-lines block : first line is the letter that will be displayed by the icon ; second line is the CSS color used for the letter (ex : "blue", "red", or "#CEFA00"), third line is the background CSS color of the icon ; fourth line is the url of the social media page that will be linked. Then fifth line is the letter of a second social media icon, etc. Ex first line "T", second line "white", third line, "cyan", fourth line "https://twitter/slcnc", fifth line "F", sixth line "white", seventh line "blue", eighth line "https://facebook.com/cremroad"... etc. 
creroradio_yp_services.txt
If you wish to announce the existence of your radio website on some CreRoRadio yellopages services, insert here the ping url of each of them, one per line. Example : "http://radio.clewn.org/yp/" (don't forget the trailing slash)
activatehtmlcache.txt
Can be 0 (not activated) or 1 (activated). If activated, all the html rendering of the "replay" section of your site (show (aka "artist") pages, replay index page, and so on) will be cached server-side on disk, for a duration defined in htmlcacheexpires.txt ; it is only useful for high load website. Please note that it will mean, if activated, that newly published track will not appear immediately on the site ; you will have to wait until the cached version has expired for the page to be rebuild and the new track to appear. Default is "not activated". Please note that HTML last-level caching is fully incompatible with realtime visitors statistics currently. HTMLCache can be purged from your admin panel if needed.  
htmlcacheexpires.txt
The duration, expressed in hours, util a cached version of an html page expires. See activatehtmlcache for more information. Default is 7. Non-integer values are accepted. 
streaming_albums_ratio.txt
The display ratio for streaming only cover arts in mosaic (replay index page) mode. Default is 0.65
download_albums_magic_number.txt
Used to compute, in the "replay" section according to album ("season" for a particular show score if stats enabled, the display ratio for downloadable albs cover arts in mosaic (index page) mode. Default is 7550
mailing-list-owner.txt
An email adress to which contact requests will be forwarded. Not used by the software currently. 
user_notes.txt
Not used by the software. There, you can take notes about your site admin tasks, such as todo list or changelog
